feat(docs): add planned integrations for ENSDb snapshots, CLI, and webhooks (#2107)
namehash/ensnode: docs/ensnode.io/src/content/docs/docs/integrate/index.mdx

- Links to [hosted instances](/docs/integrate/hosted-instances) so you can start querying immediately with zero setup.
- [ENSv2 Readiness](/docs/integrate/ensv2-readiness) — how building with ENSNode today prepares your app for ENSv2.
- [Integration Options](/docs/integrate/integration-options) — choose the right path: enskit, enssdk, raw GraphQL, or ENSDb.

> - **Power path (planned):** [ENSDb snapshots & CLI](/docs/integrate/ensdb-snapshots-and-cli) — bootstrap a fresh, nearly-current ENSDb in minutes instead of waiting on a full backfill.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Accelerated self-hosting:** [ensdb-cli & snapshots](/docs/integrate/ensdb-cli) — bootstrap a fresh, nearly-current ENSDb in minutes instead of waiting days and spending big on RPC credits to complete your own full historical backfill.
```
